chore: update docs to use Attributes instead of Annotations (#178)
Behat/docs: user_guide/annotations.rst

Annotations
===========

Historically Behat used doc-block annotations instead of attributes to define steps, hooks and
transformations in PHP contexts. These annotations are still available and you can use them instead

> of PHP attributes in your projects.

Reviewer: I think we should be more forceful here.

```suggestion
transformations in PHP contexts. These annotations are still available for now, and you can use them instead
of PHP attributes in your projects - however they will likely be deprecated and removed in the future.
```

Author: updated

Step Annotations
----------------

Here is an example of how you can define your steps using annotations:

.. code-block:: php

    // features/bootstrap/FeatureContext.php

    use Behat\Behat\Context\Context;

    class FeatureContext implements Context
    {
        /*
         * @Given we have some context
         */
        public function prepareContext()
        {
            // do something
        }

        /*
         * @When event occurs
         */

>         public function doSomeAction()

Reviewer: Maybe worth showing with a parameter, so people can more easily see it's the same as an attribute?
```suggestion
         * @When an :event occurs
         */
        public function onEvent(string $event)
```

Author: Updated

.. code-block:: php

    // features/bootstrap/FeatureContext.php

    use Behat\Behat\Context\Context;
    use Behat\Testwork\Hook\Scope\BeforeSuiteScope;
    use Behat\Behat\Hook\Scope\AfterScenarioScope;

    class FeatureContext implements Context
    {
        /*
         * @BeforeSuite
         */
        public static function prepare(BeforeSuiteScope $scope)
        {
        }

        /*
         * @AfterScenario @database
         */
        public function cleanDB(AfterScenarioScope $scope)
        {
        }
    }

Transformation Annotations
--------------------------

Here is an example of how you can define your transformations using annotations:

.. code-block:: php

    // features/bootstrap/FeatureContext.php

    use Behat\Behat\Context\Context;

    class FeatureContext implements Context
    {
        /*
         * @Transform /^(\d+)$/
         */
        public function castStringToNumber($string)
        {
            return intval($string);
        }
    }

Existing code
-------------

Even though annotations are still available, they will probably be deprecated and eventually removed in the future.

> In this way, for new projects we recommend that you don't use them. If your current project uses annotations, we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we do not recommend using annotations for new projects. If your current project uses annotations, we
```

Author: updated

recommend that you refactor your code to use PHP attributes instead. This can be done manually but you should be able
to use the search and replace capabilities of your IDE to do this in a more automated way.

> Alternatively you may want to use a tool like `Rector`_ which can do automated refactoring of your code. Rector includes

Reviewer: I think you could just say `Rector 2.0 includes a rule...` even if this is ready before the release is out. That's enough for people to work out whether to try it with an RC / wait for it IMO and saves waiting or coming back to this later.

Author: perfect
